[Pages] Framework Guides style guide review (#1954)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/pages/src/content/framework-guides/nuxt.md

## Creating a GitHub repository

Create a new GitHub repository by visiting [repo.new](https://repo.new). After your repository is set up, push your application to GitHub by running the following commands in your terminal:

```sh
# Setup the local repository
$ git init
$ git remote add origin https://github.com/<username>/<repo>
$ git branch -M main

# Commit all initial files
$ git add -A
$ git commit -m "initial commit"

# Send commit to new GitHub repo
$ git push -u origin main
```

## Deploying with Cloudflare Pages

> Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** dashboard and selecting **Create a project**.

Author: ```suggestion
Deploy your site to Pages by logging into [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/) > **Account Home** > **Pages** and selecting **Create a project**.
```

</TableLayout>

Optionally, you can customize the **Project name** field. It defaults to the GitHub repository's name, but it does not need to match. The **Project name** value is assigned as your `*.pages.dev` subdomain.

### Finalize Setup

After completing configuration, click the **Save and Deploy** button.

You will see your first deploy pipeline in progress. Pages installs all dependencies and builds the project as specified.

Cloudflare Pages will automatically rebuild your project and deploy it on every new pushed commit.

Additionally, you will have access to [preview deployments](/platform/preview-deployments), which repeat the build-and-deploy process for pull requests. With these, you can preview changes to your project with a real URL before deploying them to production.

<Aside type="note">

> For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to [the Get started guide](/get-started).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the complete guide to deploying your first site to Cloudflare Pages, refer to the [Get started guide](/get-started).
```

</Aside>

## Learn more

> By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Nuxt.js site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, [refer to the list of Framework guides](/framework-guides).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By completing this guide, you have successfully deployed your Nuxt.js site to Cloudflare Pages. To get started with other frameworks, refer our other [framework guides](/framework-guides).
```
